# ChiDG
A Chimera-based, discontinuous Galerkin solver





## Documentation

Documentation for the code can be obtained either by downloading a copy from the github page at:

[https://nwukie.github.io/ChiDG_site](https://nwukie.github.io/ChiDG_site "ChiDG Documentation")

or by generating the doxygen-based documentation manually. 

To generate the documentation, in a terminal:
    1: change the 'doc' directory in the ChiDG project. That is, 'ChiDG/doc'.  
    2: run the doxygen command as:  'doxygen doc/ChiDG.cfg'   
    3: HTML documentation can be found in 'doc/html/index.html'  
    4: PDF documentation can be generated by changing directories to 'ChiDG/dox/latex' and  
       executing the 'make' command.






## Installation

ChiDG uses features of the most recent Fortran standard (F2008). Updated versions of Fortran 
compilers are required.

Successfully Tested compiler versions:  
    gfortran 5.2


ChiDG uses the CMake build system.





## Dependencies

HDF5: ChiDG-formatted IO  
CMake: Build system  
TecIO: Visualization IO  





## License
ChiDG is licensed under the GNU GPLv2 or later.



## Author Acknowledgement:
Nathan A. Wukie   <nwukie@gmail.com>






## Sponsorship Acknowledgement:
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate 
Research Fellowship Program under Grant No. 1610397. Any opinions, findings, and 
conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) 
and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.





































